Description of Ankle robot control loop C functions



an_sensact.c - Sensor and actuator functions:

ankle_init() - Set ankle variables to safe initial values.

ankle_sensor() - Copy data from the hardware sensors into the ankle
data structures.  This is position data, read from encoders and
potentiometers.  It is used to calculate world-space positions for the
inversion/eversion (ie) and dosiflexion/plantarflexion (dp) axes, as
well as for the knee angle.  Device space velocities are also computed
here.

ankle_calc_vel() - World space velocities are computed here.

ankle_moment() - Compute the forces on the ankle, from the motor
commands, emulating a force sensor.

dac_ankle_actuator() - Convert the force values from the slot
controller to motor torques, and then to motor voltages, and send the
voltages to the motors.

ankle_after_compute_controls() - Data handling for butterworth filter
used for fvel (filtered velocity).

ankle_set_zero_torque() - Set control loop torque variables to zero.

ankle_write_zero_torque() - Write zeros to ankle motors

ankle_check_safety_fn() - No longer required.  In older versions, the
code checked for large accellerations, to see if the shafts hit the
stops.  The code also checked for shafts slipping.



an_ulog.c - logging functions, may be modified by the research user.

ankle_write_to_refbuf() - This is the "reference logging" function
used by roborec when running "Record from Robot" to write one sample
to the in-memory reference array (refarr).  It does not write to a log
file pipe.  It writes sample number, position, and velocity.

write_ankle_fifo_fn() - The normal ankle logging function.  It writes
one sample to a log file, saving sample number, position, velocity,
sensed torque, and other robot data.

write_ankle_accel_fifo_fn() - This was another ankle logging function,
currently unused.

read_ankle_fifo_sample_fn() - This is used by roborec when running
"Playback to Robot" to read the desired ankle position from the
in-memory reference input (refin) array.



an_uslot.c - Slot control functions, may be modified by the research
user.

ankle_ctl() - A moving-box slot controller, which can be invoked by
calling the Tcl movebox proc.

ankle_point_ctl() - A very basic controller, which imposes control at
a single fixed point.




The code that manages the record and playback of the roborec
reference array is in main.c.

write_to_refbuf() - Calls ankle_write_to_refbuf (see above)

refbuf_to_refin() - Copies one row from refarr to refin

refarr_switchback() - appends some data to the end of a refarr
recording so there is a smooth transition from the end position to the
start position during a looped playback.
